1. This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative.
2. This program will assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print the last digit of the number stored in the variable n.
3. Write a program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.
4. Write a program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line.
5. Write a program that prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line.
6. Write a program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.
7. Write a program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.You are not allowed to use any variable of type char.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden).You can only use putchar twice in your code
8. Write a program that prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.You are not allowed to use any variable of type char.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden).
9. Write a program that prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden)
10. Write a program that prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase, followed by a new line.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden)
11. Write a program that prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers.Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. Numbers should be printed in ascending order.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden).
12. Write a program that prints all possible different combinations of two digits.Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space.The two digits must be different.01 and 10 are considered the same combination of the two digits 0 and 1.Print only the smallest combination of two digits.Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with two digits.You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden)
